Hours Worked: 12

This week was a lot of work for very little reward. In fact, I think I managed to take a few steps backward. However, the team is back, and the project is in a good place going forward. We just need to move quickly.

The first and biggest setback this week was the fact that one of the power converters on our prototype boards quit. Since this was rather unexpected, I assumed I had done something wrong, but Dr. Kohl seemed convinced that everything I did was valid. Unfortunately, this means it is likely the component's fault, meaning we may need to choose another power converter for our next hardware rendition. So as not to get slowed down in the development process, I plan on replacing the old converter with a spliced-in version to allow us to continue testing. 

Because of this, I was unable to complete the hardware testing I was planning to do. Instead, I worked on learning about what Gabe has been doing so that I can assist with the code. After a few hours of reading datasheets and documentation, I feel ready to write some PWM code or similar. Additionally, Gabe has completed much of the hardware testing successfully, with the exception of the motors and some continued work on the ToF sensors.

We're working hard to complete a flying (or at least spinning) prototype, as this will define a lot of how the semester will look. Aydan's frame is almost in the final version, Brady has excellent models in the works, and Gabe has put a lot of time and effort into the code. With some external controller code and a little work on PWM code and controllers we should be on our way, even despite some frustrating setbacks.