##Software Stack##

**Drone Firmware**
To install ESP-IDF on your computer, follow these setup instructions: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32/get-started/index.html 

The biggest reason for using IDF is the inclusion of FreeRTOS, a real time operating system for microcontrollers. This library allows you to set up many processes and tasks and it will automatically schedule when they run based on priority. This allows us to read from sensors, log flight telemetry, control motors, and send wireless packets with (hopefully) no interruptions. 

Processes are defined like functions and then are created and destroyed in app_main(). 

2 options for the local data logging are littleFS or a microSD card. LittleFS creates a space on the EPROM and it acts as non volitile storage. I am not sure yet how well it works for our project, but it would reduce complexity.

The IMU uses I2C to communicate and it would be nice if the other sensors all used I2C but not the end of the world if they don't.

I want the drone tobe controlled and configured using a simple scripting file that is generated by the desktop app. I don't know if this will work, but I want it to. 

**Desktop App**

I would like the desktop app to be cross platform so that students with windows, linux, and mac computers can use their own computers if they like. A framework i am somewhat familiar with that builds nice GUIs for all platforms is QTDesigner. QT offers a WYSIWYG edditor supports many languages for the backend. I have not made anything in QT using Python but I think it would be a good choice because fo the speed at which python can be developed. When you are done with the app, you can build it for any operating system. I also believe that you can build for web assembly, but that might not be useful for this project.

I do not know yet if this is feasable, but I would love if the application could be just a portable executable. That way no one has to install anything and there aren't any weird system incompatibilies. This working relies on a few things:
- The program that the students write for the drones is just a simple script file and no firmware needs to be flashed to the drone.
- The wireless logging can be done from a portable executable. 

It would be cool to have some built in data visualization for what comes off the drone flights, but this is a stretch goal
